You're a fool. Who would do that?
Come here, everyone.
When you're done, we'll cook.
Don't stand there.
Okay?
I'm not going to tell you to come here.
I'm going to tell you to come here.
I have a lot of money.
Come and drink with me.
What are you doing in the well?
We're cooking a meat dish.
Why are you talking?
I'm cooking a meat dish.
The third one is a tobacco shop dog.
What should I do?
He's coming to play.
I'm not saying anything stupid.
Don't you understand?
You're lying.
If the dog is waiting, you're lying.
I'm not saying anything stupid.
I don't need it.
That dog is a tobacco shop dog.
You're going to be surprised.
Brother, I'm hungry.
I'm hungry.
What?
Is he coming?
He's coming.
What?
I'm hungry.
Brother, I'm hungry.
I'm running away from him.
He's chasing me.
You're killing me.
Then run away.
Run away.
I'm hungry.
Brother, run away.
You're running away.
I'm running away.
He's coming.
What did you say?
You can't say that.
Come here, Tai.
What?
Tai, you...
You can't say that.
Tai, eat the doutai.
Eat the doutai.
What are you doing?
Who told you to eat the doutai?
Listen to me, you idiot.
I'm not saying that.
I'm saying that you should eat the doutai.
I'm just saying that you should eat the doutai.
If you eat it, you'll get a good life.
You're an idiot.
You'll get sick if you eat it.
I'm saying that because I'm sick.
The End